
RECOMMENDED VIDEOS DESCRIPTIONS:
Video sceneclipautoautotrain00274.avi: The video shows a man in a suit and tie standing in front of a car
. Then, a man wearing glasses and a suit in an office
. Then, a blonde woman sitting in the back seat of a car
. Finally, a woman looking at a laptop in front of a man


Video sceneclipautoautotrain00526.avi: The video shows a man in a suit talking to another man in an office
. Then, a man in a suit and tie standing in front of a desk
. Then, a black and white photo of two men talking
. Finally, a man in a suit and tie talking to another man


Video scenecliptest00469.avi: The video shows a black and white photo of a man walking down the street
. Then, a black and white photo of a man standing in front of a house
. Then, a black and white photo of a man carrying a suitcase
. Finally, a black and white photo of a man opening the door to a house


Video scenecliptest00326.avi: The video shows a black and white photo of a group of children playing in the street
. Then, a black and white photo of children running in the street
. Then, an old black and white photo of a truck driving down the street
. Then, an old black and white photo of people in front of a house
. Finally, a black and white photo of a group of people outside of a house


Video scenecliptest00307.avi: The video shows a black and white photo of a woman in a white dress
. Then, a black and white photo of a woman in a dress
. Then, a black and white photo of a woman walking through a living room
. Then, a black and white photo of a woman in a living room
. Finally, a black and white photo of a woman standing in a living room


Video sceneclipautoautotrain00005.avi: The video shows a man looking out the window of a blue house
. Then, a man and woman standing in front of a white picket fence
. Then, a man and woman standing in front of a house
. Finally, a woman looks out the window of a blue house


Video sceneclipautoautotrain00257.avi: The video shows a black and white photo of a person counting money
. Then, two young men in a store talking to each other
. Then, two men standing in front of a store
. Finally, two young men standing in front of a store


Video sceneclipautoautotrain00302.avi: The video shows a group of people standing around in a room
. Then, a group of people sitting in chairs in a room
. Then, mugs and coffee cups are arranged on a table
. Then, a man is hugging another man in a room
. Finally, a man in a white shirt talking on his cell phone


Video scenecliptest00183.avi: The video shows two people sitting under a tree in front of a building
. Then, a soldier stands on the balcony of a building
. Then, a man in a uniform talking to a woman
. Finally, an old man with glasses and a white scarf


Video scenecliptest00257.avi: The video shows a black and white photo of a woman standing in a room
. Then, a man in a suit talking to a woman in a room
. Then, a black and white image of a woman looking at a man
. Then, a black and white image of a man talking to a woman
. Finally, an old black and white photo of a man and woman


USER SEARCH QUERIES:
- technology examples
